TANUKI
I want to ask you a question.
A fox is a seven-tailed fox, a raccoon is a wild one.
I often find that raccoons are very funny.
I often see that raccoons are very funny.
I don't know if they are dogs or cats.
I'm not a dog or cat. I'm a raccoon.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
What did you say?
I said I would kill you.
Come on.
Don't come out of the village.
Go home.
Don't let your parents know.
I'm going to the temple.
I'm going to kill you.
Go home.
I'll be alone.
Good evening.
What is it?
Who are you?
I'm TANUKI.
I don't know.
I don't know who TANUKI is.
I'm TANUKI.
I don't believe in TANUKI.
I'm sorry.
I helped you.
You scared me.
I'm sorry.
I escaped from the temple.
Be happy.
I'm sorry.
I won't appear again.
Was traffic there?
No, it was dangerous.
Oh , TANUKI
What?
I knew it.
You didn't tell me.
They're scary. They're just people.
Tanuki, don't be silly.
What are you afraid of?
If you're afraid of Tanuki, you can't go to the zoo.
Come on, come on.
I'll be right here.
Hello.
I'll go in the back.
You'll be surprised.
Hello.
Thank you for your help.
You're welcome.
I'm glad to see you.
I'm glad to hear that you've become a great man.
Don't be silly.
I'll be right here.
I'm grateful.
Don't be silly.
I can't go back today.
I can't stay here.
I'm worried about you.
I'll be right here.
Tanuki is a good man.
He's got a lot of gold.
I'm a child.
I'm a good man.
Half of it?